(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] The
Digi-Destined's long quest
to solve the mystery
of the crests was over.
The answer was the quest itself,
the whole adventure
they'd experienced
up till this moment.
And now, the Great
Catastrophe has
finally begun to unfold.
-(mysterious music)
-(bright violin music)
[Wisemon] A white void.
Devimon said in our dream...
That all will vanish.
(group gasping)
The Digivices!
What's going on?
(ominous flute music)
Never seen this function before.
Whoa!
[Tentomon] Hey!
Isn't that the canyon maze?
A lot of these places
look really familiar.
Like right up there!
Those are the hot springs!
[Leomon] Children.
Huh?
Leomon!
What is all this?
This footage of all of you
suddenly appeared
before my eyes,
but more importantly,
it seems the world is
falling into a white void.
(Agumon gasping)
Same thing's happening here!
Kari?
Kari, is that you?
Muchomon!
Oh, Kari, we're in big trouble!
Just take a look at the forest!
-(Kari gasping)
-(Gatomon gasping)
You can see that it's
happening everywhere!
I hope Tanemon and Golemon
and the others are okay.
This all began to happen moments
after the Soundbirdmon
were defeated.
It's Lopmon!
-(TK gasping)
-(Patamon gasping)
And Xiaomon!
I knew that was you, TK!
I've heard so many
things about you,
and here you are.
Yes.
We meet at last.
This horrendous phenomenon,
I regret to say
that even I cannot
light the way out of this.
At this rate, everything
will vanish, and soon.
(group gasping)
Vanish.
[Muchomon] We're all
going to disappear?
(computer beeping)
(Tai growling)
-(Muchomon groaning)
-Don't worry.
We are not letting
something like that happen.
So don't be scared.
We're gonna stop it.
That's what we came here
to do and we'll do it!
Don't worry.
Yeah, just leave it to us.
Come on, Matt!
Let's do it!
I've gained many
things on my journey,
valuable things!
I'm not gonna let
them just disappear!
We'll protect everyone who
worked for us with
all our strength!
Digimon.
There have been some
weird and scary ones,
but a lot of good ones, too.
And if I know there's something
I can do to help
them, I'm gonna do it!
That's right!
Me too, so everybody
can rest assured!
(Joe giggling)
[Joe] You said it, Gomamon.
So the fate of the world
rests in our hands.
[Tentomon] Izzy, listen to me.
Don't let the
pressure get to you.
Let's just do the best we can.
You're right, Tentomon.
[Tentomon] I know.
(inspirational music)
[Wisemon] This is
what they have gained
from their adventure,
the power to bond with Digimon
and the Digital World.
You might just do it.
Yes.
You children might be
able to perform a miracle,
even greater than that of
defeating Millenniummon.
That's right.
That's what I learned
at that castle,
about the key to
the great power.
-(alarm ringing)
-(Tai gasping)
(suspenseful music)
Look! Up there!
(group gasping)
What the heck is that?
[Tentomon] Why did it
have to be tentacles?
(Mimi gasping)
(group yelling)
(crash)
(Leomon growling)
(group gasping)
(Tai coughing)
(Tai growling)
Tai!
(group growling)
Hang on, guys!
(Tai growling)
(Tai gasping)
(group gasping)
Something's stopped the pain.
(Matt gasping)
(group yelling)
Hang on, Tai!
I'm coming for ya!
[Tentomon] Izzy, come back!
[Biyomon] Sora!
[Gabumon] Matt!
Hand in there!
[Gomamon] Joe!
[Palmon] Mimi!
[Patamon] Hang on, TK!
[Gatomon] Kari!
(group yelling)
(Agumon gasping)
-(group yelling)
-(suspenseful music)
(Tai groaning)
[Matt] Guys.
[Tai] What?
Is everyone okay?
Somehow.
(TK gasping)
[TK] Are we on the
other side of the crack?
(Tai gasping)
(mysterious music)
(Kari whimpering)
It's all right, Kari.
What is it?
Or actually, forget I asked.
(Mimi shivering)
Whatever it is, that's
probably what pulled us
into this place.
(Joe gasping)
We might not wanna stick
around here too long.
It's like the data's collapsing.
No, it's more like
being obliterated.
It can't be.
Obliterated?
Luckily, I think our
Digivices protected us
-from the same fate.
-(Joe gasping)
(Tai growling)
[Tai] So then, is that
the Great Catastrophe?
(Tai gasping)
(mysterious music)
Argomon.
Argomon, huh?
The one who made
contact with Tai before.
(mysterious music)
All existence, light, darkness,
heaven, earth,
birth and death, destruction
and resurrection.
The one who consumes all.
(mysterious music)
(heart beating)
That one is called...
Negamon.
(Negamon buzzing)
(chimes ringing)
(Gatomon blowing a raspberry)
Tai, where are you?
[Tentomon] Those of us
who can fly should go
-after them and try to-
-No, wait!
(group gasping)
Negamon.
Is it even a Digimon?
As with all living things,
Digimon experience
birth, life, and death.
But death is not
the end for Digimon.
They are reborn as
Digimon, they die again,
and they live again,
over and over.
That is why Digimon
and the Digital World
continue to exist.
Life and death, destruction
and resurrection,
prosperity and
decline, war, survival,
restoration, collapse,
elimination, suspension,
beginning, ending,
beginning again.
Through endless conflict and
endless repetition of tasks,
the Digital World
evolved further
by accumulating and learning.
War.
So that ancient war.
That war was an
evolutionary necessity
brought about by the
pulse of Negamon.
[Joe] What do you mean?
(group gasping)
[Argomon] The Digital World's
negative law and disaster,
that is Negamon.
That is our reason to exist
as well as our instinct.
Instinct?
(group yelling)
(group growling)
Now you'll al get up
there in one blast!
(Garbagemon snickering)
[Biyomon] Are you
sure about this?
[Wisemon] Angle, check!
[Tentomon] I'm
doing this for Izzy,
so I can take it!
I'm coming, Tai!
I'm coming! Hang on!
Sora! I'll do my
best to save you!
Mimi, please be okay!
Hand in there, Joe!
Kari, wherever you've
gone, I will find you!
We're on our way, TK!
Go on!
Fire this thing already!
-Firing!
-(cannon firing)
(group yelling)
Right on the money!
[Biyomon] Oh no!
Look!
[Tentomon] Argomon?
We have to change direction!
Okay, sure!
But how?
(suspenseful music)
(lasers exploding)
(group gasping)
[Argomon] Those
within your hands
are the extreme opposite of us,
the materialization of the
Digital World's
instinct to exist.
The power needed to survive.
The power needed to be born.
The power needed to begin.
[Argomon] At one point, the
two instincts reached out
to the outer world,
seeking to find the
potential in humans.
One of the them
found you children
who had formed a
connection with Digimon
and opened a new path.
[Wisemon] The ones who
summoned all of you here
would be us as well as
this Digital World itself.
(Tai growling)
[Argomon] Much of
the data passing
through the network
created by humans
consists of chaos and fear,
which produces negative energy.
Negamon chose that energy as the
power source to create
the next disaster.
And those who resonated with the
waves of destruction
also joined us.
Feeding off of the
chaos of our world!
[Argomon] The endless
flow of negative energy
filling the network exceeded
even Negamon's expectations.
It was an abundant
and delicious meal,
but that led to more hunger,
more consumption, and
more satisfaction.
Then more hunger,
and more consumption.
Driven by this
unstoppable impulse,
Negamon will consume all,
consume every existence,
and evolve into the
ultimate destruction
when nothing is born
or will ever begin.
The absolute end.
In what world is that
kind of thing a good idea?
This keeps getting more
bizarre by the minute!
(Izzy growling)
[Izzy] The growing power has
taken over the real purpose.
It's invaded Negamon's
instinct and overridden it!
[Matt] To eat, only to eat more.
A creature that exists
only to consume!
[Argomon] Eventually,
Negamon will consume
the soul of all
and an infinite void will come.
That is the ultimate destruction
Negamon's instinct seeks.
(Tai gasping)
(Tai growling)
-(cannon beeping)
-(Garbagemon gasping)
(cannon banging)
What are you doing?
-(cannon exploding)
-(Garbagemon yelling)
-(group yelling)
-(Komondomon howling)
[Tentomon] Who's a good boy?
Komondomon!
(Komondomon barking)
(Agumon giggling)
(Komondomon howling)
(group yelling)
Thank you, Komondomon!
We'll see that your
efforts don't go to waste!
[Garbagemon] We're
counting on you!
(Komondomon howling)
(splash)
[Wisemon] The fate of the
world is in their hands.
[Tentomon] What's going on?
[Gabumon] We're breaking apart!
Hate to think of Mimi
going through this!
They're right behind us!
(Tai growling)
No matter what!
We have got to protect!
Everything we value!
This world and!
Everyone in it!
Protect 'em with our own hands!
We're never ever!
[Tai] Gonna let anybody
destroy what's precious to us!
(group yelling)
[Biyomon] Agumon!
[Agumon] Tai!
(voice echoing)
(Tai gasping)
Agumon!
(group yelling)
(upbeat rock music)
[Agumon] Agumon, digivolve to!
[Greymon] Greymon!
(Greymon growling)
Nova Blast!
(fireball exploding)
You digivolved!
And the battle's
already started!
Look!
Matt!
(Matt gasping)
Gabumon!
[Gabumon] Gabumon digivolve to!
(upbeat rock music)
[Garurumon] Garurumon!
(Garurumon growling)
(group gasping)
(Garurumon howling)
Biyomon!
Sora, thank goodness
you're safe!
[Tentomon] Oh, I
missed you, Izzy!
You too, Tentomon!
Mimi, are you okay?
Yeah, I am now!
Sorry for the wait, Joe.
I'm just glad you're here!
You made it!
Gatomon!
-(Gatomon giggling)
-(Kari giggling)
[Garurumon] Hey, Matt.
Perfect timing.
[Greymon] I'll say.
(upbeat rock music)
[Biyomon] Biyomon digivolve to!
[Tentomon] Tentomon
digivolve to!
[Birdramon] Birdramon!
[Kabuterimon] Kabuterimon!
[Palmon] Palmon digivolve to!
[Gomamon] Gomamon digivolve to!
[Togemon] Togemon!
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon!
[Patamon] Patamon digivolve to!
[Angemon] Angemon!
[Argomon] Destruction
is in sight
and yet you still resist.
So that is the
decision you have made.
Very well.
(digivices beeping)
[Gatomon] Gatomon digivolve to!
[Angemon] Angemon digivolve to!
[Angewomon] Angewomon!
[MagnaAngemon] MagnaAngemon!
[Birdramon] Birdramon
digivolve to!
[Kabuterimon]
Kabuterimon digivolve to!
[Togemon] Togemon digivolve to!
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon
digivolve to!
[Garudamon] Garudamon!
[MegaKabuterimon]
MegaKabuterimon!
[Lillymon] Lillymon!
[Zudomon] Zudomon!
[Greymon] Greymon digivolve to!
[Garurumon] Garurumon
digivolve to!
[MetalGreymon] MetalGreymon!
[WereGarurumon] WereGarurumon!
-(lasers firing)
-(light rock music)
(Tai growling)
[MagnaAngemon]
MagnaAngemon digivolve to!
[Angewomon] Angewomon
digivolve to!
[Seraphimon] Seraphimon!
[Ophanimon] Ophanimon!
[Garudamon] Garudamon
digivolve to!
[MegaKabuterimon]
MegaKabuterimon digivolve to!
[Lillymon] Lillymon
digivolve to!
[Zudomon] Zudomon digivolve to!
(upbeat rock music)
[Phoenixmon] Phoenixmon!
[HerculesKabuterimon]
HerculesKabuterimon!
[Rosemon] Rosemon!
[Vikemon] Vikemon!
(upbeat rock music)
[MetalGreymon]
MetalGreymon digivolve to!
[WereGarurumon]
WereGarurumon digivolve to!
(upbeat rock music)
(Argomon exploding)
[MetalGarurumon] MetalGarurumon!
[Wargreymon] Wargreymon!
(upbeat rock music)
We're gonna survive
this and win.
We'll never give up!
[Argomon] The time has
come to consume life,
to consume the world,
to consume all.
Negamon.
(sky cracking)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy Voiceover] The
Digimon Encyclopedia.
Ophanimon.
This mega Digimon
digivolves from Angewomon
and spreads affection
and compassion
as the Digital World's
Celestial Mother figure.
[Gatomon Voiceover]
Now let's check me out.
[Izzy Voiceover] Hey Gatomon!
[Gatomon Voiceover]
These shoes you call
high heels are fancy, but
they're hard to walk in.
Do you think I could put
some paw pads on them?
[Izzy Voiceover] Sure?
(victorious music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] The
Great Catastrophe,
destruction, oblivion,
vanishing friends.
Is this how the world ends?
[Tai Voiceover] Next time:
"The Last Miracle,
The Last Power."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.